Feature/dx 443 completeurl update description (#146)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: checkout/other-features.md

underlying payments or transaction.

{:.table .table-striped}
| Required | Property            | Type     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| :------: | :------------------ | :------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ✔ ︎︎︎︎︎  | `hostUrls`          | `array`  | The array of URIs valid for embedding of Swedbank Pay Hosted Views.                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> |  ✔︎︎︎︎︎  | `completeUrl`       | `string` | The URL that Swedbank Pay will redirect back to when the payment page is completed. This does not indicate a successful payment, only that it has reached a completion state. A `GET` request needs to be performed on the payment order to inspect it further. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  ✔︎︎︎︎︎  | `completeUrl`       | `string` | The URL that Swedbank Pay will redirect back to when the payer has completed his or her interactions with the payment. This does not indicate a successful payment, only that it has reached a final (complete) state. A `GET` request needs to be performed on the payment order to inspect it further. |
```

| `urls`                      | `object` | The URLs object.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| └➔&nbsp;`id`                | `string` | The relative URI to the `urls` resource.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| └➔&nbsp;`hostsUrl`          | `string` | An array of the whitelisted URIs that are allowed as parents to a Hosted View, typically the URI of the web shop or similar that will embed a Hosted View within it.                                                                                            |

> | └➔&nbsp;`completeUrl`       | `string` | The URL that Swedbank Pay will redirect back to when the payment page is completed. This does not indicate a successful payment, only that it has reached a completion state. A `GET` request needs to be performed on the payment order to inspect it further. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| └➔&nbsp;`completeUrl`       | `string` | The URL that Swedbank Pay will redirect back to when the payer has completed his or her interactions with the payment. This does not indicate a successful payment, only that it has reached a final (complete) state. A `GET` request needs to be performed on the payment order to inspect it further. |
```
